Release v1.5.1 (#8165)
ZcashFoundation/zebra: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org).

## [Zebra 1.5.1](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/releases/tag/v1.5.1) - 2024-01-18

This release:

> - Adds a scanner result reader as a zebra utility and finalize MVP scanner features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds a utility for reading scanning results, and finalizes the MVP features of the scanner.
```

- Adds an experimental `internal-miner` feature, which mines blocks within `zebrad`. This feature is only supported on testnet. Use a more efficient GPU or ASIC for mainnet mining.

### Added

- Add an internal Zcash miner to Zebra ([#8136](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8136), [#8150](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8150))
- Blockchain scanner new features:
  - Don't scan and log if we are below sapling height ([#8121](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8121))
  - Restart scanning where left ([#8080](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8080))

### Changed

- Improve feature flag docs ([#8114](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8114))
- Document how to add a column family ([#8149](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8149))
- Allow opening the database in a read-only mode ([#8079](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8079))
- Send all zebrad logs to the journal under systemd ([#7965](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/7965))

> - CI workflow: Move most scripts to their own executables ([#8005](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8005))

Reviewer: Not user-visible. 

```suggestion
```

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org).

## [Zebra 1.5.1](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/releases/tag/v1.5.1) - 2024-01-18

This release:

- Adds a utility for reading scanning results, and finalizes the MVP features of the scanner.

> - Adds an experimental `internal-miner` feature, which mines blocks within `zebrad`. This feature is only supported on testnet. Use a more efficient GPU or ASIC for mainnet mining.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds an experimental `internal-miner` feature, which mines blocks within `zebrad`. This feature is only supported on testnet. Use a more efficient GPU or ASIC for mainnet mining.
- Contains many documentation improvements.
```

### Added

- Add an internal Zcash miner to Zebra ([#8136](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8136), [#8150](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8150))
- Blockchain scanner new features:
  - Don't scan and log if we are below sapling height ([#8121](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8121))
  - Restart scanning where left ([#8080](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8080))
  - Add scanning result reader utility ([#8104](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8104), [#8157](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8157))

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Note default path to config in docs ([#8143](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8143))
- Document how to add a column family ([#8149](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8149))

```

### Changed

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Make sure scanner database is accessed using the correct types ([#8112](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8112))
- Move history tree and value balance to typed column families ([#8115](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8115))
- Refactor the user documentation for scanning  ([#8124](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8124))
- Refactor user \& dev documentation ([#8145](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8145))
```

- Improve feature flag docs ([#8114](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8114))

> - Document how to add a column family ([#8149](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8149))

Reviewer: Let's move this to the **Added** section.
```suggestion
```

- Allow opening the database in a read-only mode ([#8079](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8079))
- Send all zebrad logs to the journal under systemd ([#7965](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/7965))

### Fixed

- Point to a manually created list of Zebra crates in docs ([#8160](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8160))
- Add shielded-scan.md to the index ([#8095](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8095))
- Elasticsearch feature, make bulk size the same for testnet and mainnet ([#8127](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8127))

> - Ignore segmentation fault errors when shutting down Docker in tests ([#8107](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8107))

Reviewer: Not visible to users.

```suggestion
```
